hello very good to all welcome to
your home welcome to reviews tj
we are in the world something concrete 2015
from Barcelona and many of you already
you know that the French manufacturer
alcatel has gotten into the territory of
the smart watch with an operating system
own today we tell you everything about your
watch
and we're going to start with the section on
design of this alcatel widget and we
we have brought a very pleasant surprise
when we have realized that
brothers feel very, very good
that said let's talk a little bit about
the most important thing as it is has a
round design much more similar what
It is a traditional transfer and we have
Unlike other watches we have some
small marquistas of formats in
store with traditional format when
we have the clock in off format for
that the clock really when I
we logically ignite that is already finished
that said we're going to focus on the
next construction material that
we found it on the strap in this case
As you can see we have a black finish
there are different versions some of
they very funny and good a belt
nylon that the truth that feels very
well quite malleable and gives the feeling
quite firmly close detail
which is also usually quite
important when we talk about any
smartware and go from any watch
traditional a metallic close pretty
typical as the clock of a lifetime
and we can also have
put on the wrist without too many
problems and there will be that easy to
close it seems a foolishness of the balloon of
fitz but it's not always usual
other details that this watch has
alcatel we find it in the part
rear
we quickly found the reader of
heart rate
we'll talk a little more in a finish
black and eye because on the right edge
we also find a
particularity that many watches
they incorporate we have a little button on
which, as you can see, we will be able to wake up
our bone following with the design
there is a detail that can not be missed as
we talk about a clock and that practically
all incorporate and in the resistance to
water and dust because in this case the
French manufacturer has opted for the
ip67 protection an important detail
so that we want to shower ourselves
we want to bathe we will not have any
problem and it's your turn to put a
little hand to the hardware now a
little of the specifications that
has this clock of French origin and
let's start with the battery
perhaps the most important when we speak
of any kind of watch since
we all know that it is perhaps one of the
touch stones most important battery
of 210 thousand amps from the manufacturer
will not be played practically two
days of autonomy we will see how it is
involves especially keep in mind that
it has its own operating system but
the most differential and possibly one of
the things that we liked most about
this clock is the method of loading anything
It's a load and cables hanging but
that at one end we have a
usb connector which we will be able to
connect a power outlet or
our laptop and we will be able to
easily load it without a doubt a factor
differential other details that you should
know what is this alcatel watch
it is accelerometer gyroscope altimeter and
heart rate sensor
logically these are the parameters that
is going to monitor
be able to carry in addition to the management of
notifications a little bit more the life
healthy to be able to control what is
our activity through steps and the
distance that we have traveled even
the calories that we have burned with a
interface that really reminds us
quite the playing pretty
minimalist we will talk about the software
but hey have some details that
we liked quite other details
we have nfc in this case on the strap
because we want to match it with our
smartphone and to create a
file transfer of everything that
have monitored much more
quick besides this we have a
vibrator and could not logically be missing
bluetooth 4.0 we could not stop
talk about the section of the screen maybe
one of the most important when
we talk about any smart watch in
this case we have a screen a
little bit smaller and it's something that
thank you so you can
more portable for any kind of
public specifically one like 22
inches with ips technology and a
resolution of 240 x 204 especially not
we know the attention of the interpretation
of the colors and the level of brightness and
now to go finishing we are going to
focus on the software section
perhaps the most important thing we are seeing
here at the fair that many devices
opt for android wear possibly the
operating system that we like the most for
smart watch but in this case manufacturer
French has opted for proprietary software
we will see that it has some details that
we liked some who can
have polished but generally not
is not bad as we see we have a
small interface based on different
grids of different colors in the
which we will see for example the
information in this case what we have
made hours of dream activity that we have
finished if we give the button 6 we go to
go back and for example the
climatological information in a way
very visual we will be able to see as if
out of some widgets
different different locations
temperatures other examples so that
see what it is capable of if we give the
timer to the clock we will be able to
activate another very simple way like
You see the interface seems very minimalist
very clean and to tell the truth
liked quite
there are other details as well as
example we can make use of a compass
simply because we have lost
and we are rotating we will never lose the
north to finish this walk through
the alcatel website also tell you that
we have the option of making a trigger
of camera if we hit the button
it will automatically synchronize with
our device that we have
matched only we're going to have to
give the trigger and shape
automatic our alcatel terminal
is going to take the photograph there is some
another detail also that we do not leave
we want there is some other detail that does not
we want to ignore as is that of the
personalization and is that by the
we will be able to change the watts
you see is also in a very
simple in the application we have told you
we can change the background and from here
we will choose if we want a format
digital with the more traditional this has
been the information and as you have seen
Well, hey, it seems pretty curious,
pretty successful design an interface and
an operating system that is true that
it's not our favorite that maybe we choose
more a little bit for android war but
good can meet the needs of
many users we hope you have
really liked this video remember to give it
like and share it until later